docs: Update and describe ENV variables (#297)
epiphany-platform/CommonDataLayer: docs/architecture/command_service.md

> ### Configuration (environment files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration (Environment Variables)
```

| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | COMMUNICATION_METHOD | The method to communicate with external services | `kafka` / `amqp` / `grpc` | yes | |
> | REPORT_DESTINATION | When missing reporting service is disabled. Kafka topic / amqp exchange or REST parameter | `cdl.notifications` | no | |
> | METRICS_PORT | Port to listen on prometheus requests | 58105 | no | 58105 |
> | RUST_LOG | Log level | `trace` | no | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| COMMUNICATION_METHOD | The method to communicate with external services | `kafka` / `amqp` / `grpc` | yes | |
| REPORT_DESTINATION | Kafka topic/AMQP exchange/callback URL to send notifications to (reporting disabled when empty) | `cdl.notifications` | no | |
| METRICS_PORT | Port to listen on for Prometheus requests | 58105 | no | 58105 |
| RUST_LOG | Log level | `trace` | no | |
```

#### Postgres configuration

| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| POSTGRES_USERNAME | Username | `cdl` | yes | |
| POSTGRES_PASSWORD | Password | `cdl1234` | yes | |
| POSTGRES_HOST | Host of the server | `127.0.0.1` | yes | |
| POSTGRES_PORT | Port on which the server listens | 5432 | yes | |
| POSTGRES_DBNAME | Database name | `cdl` | yes | |
| POSTGRES_SCHEMA | SQL Schema available for service | `cdl` | no | `public` |

#### Druid configuration

| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| DRUID_OUTPUT_BROKERS | Kafka brokers | `kafka:9093` | yes | |
| DRUID_OUTPUT_TOPIC | Kafka topic | `cdl.timeseries.internal.druid` | yes | |

#### Victoria metrics configuration
| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | VICTORIA_METRICS_OUTPUT_URL | Url to the VM | `http://victoria_metrics:8428` | yes | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| VICTORIA_METRICS_OUTPUT_URL | URL to the VM | `http://victoria_metrics:8428` | yes | |
```

#### Kafka configuration 

> (if `COMMUNICATION_METHOD` equals `kafka`)

Reviewer: This should be in _italix_ (IMHO), as should all others in the book.

| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | KAFKA_BROKERS | Address to kafka brokers | `kafka:9093` | yes | |
> | KAFKA_GROUP_ID | Group id of the consumer | `postgres_command` | yes | |
> | ORDERED_SOURCES | topics with ordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.1.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
> | UNORDERED_SOURCES | topics with unordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.2.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
> | TASK_LIMIT | limits the number of tasks | 32 | yes | 32 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| KAFKA_BROKERS | Address of Kafka brokers | `kafka:9093` | yes | |
| KAFKA_GROUP_ID | Group ID of the consumer | `postgres_command` | yes | |
| ORDERED_SOURCES | Topics with ordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.1.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
| UNORDERED_SOURCES | Topics with unordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.2.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
| TASK_LIMIT | Max requests handled in parallel | 32 | yes | 32 |
```

#### Amqp configuration 
(if `COMMUNICATION_METHOD` equals `amqp`)

| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|

> | AMQP_CONNECTION_STRING | Connection string to AMQP Server | `amqp://user:CHANGEME@rabbitmq:5672/%2f` | yes | |
> | AMQP_CONSUMER_TAG | Consumer tag | `postgres_command` | yes | |
> | ORDERED_SOURCES | queus with ordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.1.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
> | UNORDERED_SOURCES | queues with unordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.2.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
> | TASK_LIMIT | limits the number of tasks | 32 | yes | 32 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| AMQP_CONNECTION_STRING | Connection URL to AMQP Server | `amqp://user:CHANGEME@rabbitmq:5672/%2f` | yes | |
| AMQP_CONSUMER_TAG | Consumer tag | `postgres_command` | yes | |
| ORDERED_SOURCES | Queues with ordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.1.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
| UNORDERED_SOURCES | Queues with unordered messages | `cdl.timeseries.vm.2.data` | no, but one of `ORDERED_SOURCES` and `UNORDERED_SOURCES` has to be present | |
| TASK_LIMIT | Max requests handled in parallel | 32 | yes | 32 |
```

#### GRPC configuration 
(if `COMMUNICATION_METHOD` equals `grpc`)

| Name | Short Description | Example | Mandatory | Default |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|

> | GRPC_PORT | Port to listen on | 50103 | yes | |
> | REPORT_ENDPOINT_URL | Url to send notifications on | `notifications:50102` | yes | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GRPC_PORT | Port to listen on | 50103 | yes | |
| REPORT_ENDPOINT_URL | URL to send notifications to | `notifications:50102` | yes | |
```
